# Comedy

Comedy, it's so great isn't it. Getting everyone around you involved in laughing at one particular group of people at a word's command. Being up on stage and pitting one group of people against an entire other group of people just with a tone of voice. So brilliant. You could essentially laugh at a whole group of people with the target audience and the audience's target. As long as both are present and both align you can bring it to the surface like a volcanic vent in the ocean: boiling eruptions just launching into the nether. Little organisms that can withstand the harshest conditions sit there and feed on it. Imagine this, you have predator and prey, prey and predator, they both feast off of each other and in the right conditions either will attack either, because you're a centrist, obviously, or at least you pretend to be when the conversation doesn't involve you, and when half the crowd is attacking the other half of the crowd, well, it's best not to get involved, or at least not to be noticed.

Spurring crowds to attack crowds is one of my favourite pastimes. Not that I've ever done it, it's just a favourite idea of something it'd be fun to get involved in. Well, when you consider comedy as having that sole basis in a binary political showing, it's pretty easy to see that centrists laughing at both sides really get that effect. Just be careful you don't laugh up both sides of the street saying FTP and then laughing at criminals getting done too. If you say FTP I have this idea that you should feel sorry for crims that don't get away with it. It's like yeah, F the police, we love murder, cold blooded too, the colder the better, just ruthless no reasoned murder, murder for the sake of it, yeah. Saw is my favourite christmas movie too.