# Companion Breeding - How Companion Planting And Evolution Are Heirloom Friends

We can start this off quick so if you don't have time to read the book you can still know what it's about in a nutshell:

Basically, the idea is that companion planting say of Basil and Tomatoes - two plants that grow better together than apart, is a natural adaptation formed outside of how naturalists have bred them. And the idea is that if we repeat this 1000 times in one field, then we should take the seeds of not just the one plant that grew the best, but the two companions that grew together the best. Heirloom variety breeders keep secrets to the magic behind their success, and often prefer variety over consistency. Variety means that you can breed many consistencies from the one source, and that they are better at adapting to mixed and different environments.

And yet we can talk more about what to do when the opposite of companioning is true, as well as how to breed plants when there is a goal in mind. When plants are anti-companions that is where the most evolutionary pressure is active in preventing their success, and also where the most evolutionary growth is available when 1 in 100,000 has a successful counter-event. The idea here is that when plants are already companions you can only make them better companions, when plants are anti-companions you have to breed them for generations upon generations to become good companions. Similarly, when there is a goal in mind for adapting a strain of say tomatoes, and say we want the tomatoes to be bigger, then plant 1000 seeds, and the plant with the biggest tomatoes, you breed from. Even if a plant isn't true to seed, phenotype is always related to genotype (appearance is related to DNA encoding). When a plant isn't true to seed, that means that the seed of the fruit of the tree doesn't produce in likeness to the kind of the tree it came from. This happens when genotype is more variable than it's relationship to phenotype - ie the sexual combination of father and mother genes varies so much more than the parent tree can itself. It's often seen as a problem for farmers and gardeners alike for a plant not to be true to seed, say avocadoes. Because a plant breeder wants to take a one of a kind nice tasting avocado and produce more of the same, but this isn't possible when avocadoes aren't true to seed. However, the selectivity still remains the same. If you have one tree that produces twice as many avocadoes as its competitors, even if it's not true to seed, selecting for it will still narrow down the gene pool towards your goal.

Take for example a person of colour who has an albino child. This is an example of "not true to seed" but in animal form. Except with plants they are more often poly-plural in their genetics, where originally there would only be one copy from the mother and one copy from the father, in plants it is common where the child will get 4 copies from each (we call this 8N). Here it becomes clearer why a plant may not be true to seed - because the variation is so much greater, the effects of selection becomes less obvious. However, if you take a good variety of a plant that isn't true to seed and then take a cutting or a clone of it, you get true to cutting. Again, this isn't always the same, and avocadoes is another example of this.

Now 'artificial' selection, as we call it, or what I would call 'designer' selection or 'intelligent' selection, is when natural selection falls by the wayside in terms of the designer or outside intelligence choosing which organismic line is the one to pass on it's success. It's not mutually exclusive with natural selection. Natural selection must still occur as the plants that don't make it to breeding die off, but in this way it is 'desired' or 'directed' selection. How to do this is to grow plants and put them through environments and situations that enforce a harsher selective mechanism than just pure nature. This is say when you want apples that don't go brown, you get 1000 apples and cut them all open, and the one with the least browning you take the seed and grow from there and repeat the process. The same can be done with numbers of fruit, fruiting times, taste of fruit, colour of fruit, time to ripen, time to mould, nutrient density, and many many more features, any feature describable and variable really.

Now, back to the initial fruit of the punch: companion breeding. It is my hypothesis that the plants that taste good together are the ones that grow well together, as our taste buds are an example of chemical compatibility, or heightened chemistry sensing. Statistical predictability is not just a nature of science and significance, but it's also the nature of selection, we select food based on price or based on health star criteria, or based on quantity of chemical additives. Similarly selection of companion breeding comes down to what feature is being selected for. The idea behind companion breeding is to co-evolve plants to suit the conditions of permaculture and biodynamics as well as ordinary organics. The trick to it is to force it on the condition of better vs worse. The Israeli Defence Force originally bred the Jerusalem Artichoke to grow well in drought and flood alike. Now this is done by repeatedly growing the plant in less and less water available conditions, as well as more and more flood-like conditions. It would have a different effect doing it in a different order, but as this is all theoretical analysis at this stage we would need some datapoints in favour of the consideration.