# You're In My Hallucination Now

Okay, maybe I'm just hallucinating this, but hey, take a look at this. You're all saying I'm hallucinating, that's my condition sure. And yet when I say "you're in my hallucination now", you all stand up and agree. I'm simply conforming to your opinion. These aren't my truths, these are your truths about me being communicated by me back to you. Because they originated in your mind and I am becoming aware of it. Take that in a nutshell and explore the nether forever.

It's a lot harder to convince someone who never took a drug that they are hallucinating. No, you're gullible, no it's a false memory, no it's a mandela effect, no it's this or that. Sure, I agree, probabilistically it's hard to know, especially when the furthest philosophy gets us is "I think therefor I am." It's incredible really. Realistically, philosophy has gotten all the way to science and psychiatry if their word is as good as you portray it. But you don't know it yourselves, because you don't know yourselves, you simply assume. This is just where you are at. I'm hallucinating and I know it, but I control it. It's me hallucinating and you agree, this is my consent form, in thought in mind in writing in verbiage, as explored and explained unanimously. But maybe it wasn't the drug that did it, it was the awareness the drug gave that originated it. I'm not asking you all to go and try it, but I am asking you to reconsider what I'm saying so that I can try and read your minds for you and agree with you. Here. I'm on your side. You. You're on mine. You're telling me I'm hallucinating now and forever. And I'm agreeing. There. Progress. Now the question becomes "but are you hallucinating and yet no one knows it?" I'm not arguing that there's an issue here to be resolved. I'm simply detailing my thoughts on progress as it is made. Here we are and this is where we are going. As long as the names stuck with sticky notes on my back are written by one and laughed at by all, I will hear it. As long as the stories told and the explainers derailed, there is no man remaining who can question themselves except I. I will question my every standing and fortitude just in the light of your name and your highest names. It's easy for me to guess and check when agreement is certitude.