# Iverdabefore

A story of being incriminated for something that the government openly admitted to using in order to mind control their subjects, and by use of which allowed them to create their greatest useful control mechanisms. The government admitted to using it, and the researchers involved all got away scott free.

And so, I was a lone experimenter, and my story came to me at a party at the forest of heaven. Looking for a tree amongst a forest, or a forest of many trees. And in that scenario, I saw what no man had seen before him. For I was I and there was me. And in that place I lay. 1 to many and many to 1, obey and oblige or you will be sure to die.

I had indeed heard of her before, mum's the word or so they say. I had also built a herd from and for her before. And in action it was made. I had also hurt her before, I put her life in danger. I was a mad man, fighting a battle of life and death, negating the value of good and bad amongst friends and foes alike. There was none other in my mind, other than the won who wanted to take the time. In person and in private, we would share words of power made of whispers. In public, we were enemies, we would cause chaos and fight battles of light and dark. There was no name that we would not throw out, except for those we cared the most about.

After there was no place like home, my heart was opened and could never close. I saw through her eyes and in her spirit, that no safe word was given to be uplifted. No meant no to those who thought so, and power meant knowledge to those who were there. You could laugh at a joke if you were there to see it, and if you weren't, you were the butt of it.

Every comedian starts out by making the crowd laugh. Then they get laughed at. Until finally through their anger against change, they make members of the crowd the butt of the joke. And that's when they make it big. But a winner's chance in a laugher's dance is a romantic spirit of mind. So long as you know what you're talking about, you'll never be wrong in truth. But so long as you can act on it, you'll never get to know your own youth. The fountain. The philosopher. Accept no question. Respond to no answer. Leave the dead man's switch unlocked. As pleasure forecast's and as dwindles disappear, there is no way of knowing who else was really here.

There was no place like home to the one of a witch in red shoes. And there's no place to be saved from like the one in which there's a red dress. And to address other's as they please, is to be honest that they have lost their steeze. Knowing nothing is different to knowing that you know nothing. Whether you know the technicalities of even the first thing at all, is to question whether other's know what they tell all to read all about. If you don't question yourself, you'll never question others. Loose lips sink ships, but powdered sails bleed like coloured rain.

Never fight a pirate in a battle of loosened lips. He might place a piece of cheese of vulnerability on the floor of honest sacrifice. But to a person who can't dance under a cloud of bats in the rain, they'll never know the meaning of where else to feel pain.

You might think it wearisome to feel pain everywhere at the slightest touch. But what it prepares you for is to cut and thrust at any adversary, on behalf of your significant other.

Marriage in matrimony doesn't begin with a piece of paper, or in prior to a birth certificate. It is made by a mutual agreement to namesakeness as well as powers of contact. What are the first words you choose to speak to those you never thought to meet? It is within your power to enact a privilege over your life alone. A white man stands tall when the colour of his skin is the colour of his clothing and no mess is found to abound.

There is no way you can talk to yourself unless you were the only one there. Because otherwise God would be listening, unless your mother wasn't there to meet him. The thing with presentability is it starts with an untarnished grave. Look dead, appear forlorn. A lack of insight, and purpose. Follow the scent of blood in the air and you'll cut your own feet to be there.

Please my father, ask me in bed, to be wed to the words in which the two of us have said and shed.

Please my mother, ask her's for me, whether or not we can play the game that the two of us seek.

We've been at this long enough to know it has a purpose. We've been here enough times to know that presentation doesn't begin with success. Success is not to work your way to the top, or to make your way above your peers. It is to show the power of your ability to follow in obedience. And then to fall to below ground level. I am no man to slay no other man. I am a piece of meat to be looked at and laughed at so long as the peer's agree about it. But that's the ticket to your own success. There is no way of knowing whether your mother's name was in truth. And there is no way of knowing whether the DNA man is in on the joke. Or the cancer teller is being paid off by fake-death. Take things as you see them, believe nothing but what she takes from you.

Iverdabefore because to herd the herd isn't just to wolf around the sheep. It is to re-sheep the Auroch from the cow and the goat. To gratias en maximas, of engredious ill defined. If not to know not there aint no to know no. So do no, and be no, and so no. Because you can't say cunt in English, but in Australia them's ya mates, so you better get used to it. And that's the lock and key keeping outsiders from peering in. And the system is made by those same people who attempt to look through at trying to abuse you. A convict society is neither convicted nor persecuted. They are alone, on their own, forever and ever amen. But through wedlock of a convict, a christian and a jew, a nazi, a dictator, a financial planner and a doctor. A neuro surgeon, a heart surgeon, and someone who could merely make-believe. There was never going to be a way out of an infernal trap.

What sends the sinner to hell, is not the actions of his sins alone. It is the action of recognising the truth of the infliction as a result of his past deeds. The devil incarnate is one who admits to his past wrong doings, and in truth admits to a no-way-out of forgiveness. There is no laughter other than the pain to which was caused. You may think that my mother was after you. But I know for a fact your mother screamed her guts out for me to leave this place. And so I said back, you cannot escape from reality with a drug or a digital device that exists WITHIN reality. If you are not living after the end of time. Then you have not made up your mind and are yet still to decide.

Please be with all those who fear. For those who do not know fear should respect those in pain. Because that is the warning sign that something is amiss. A mystery. A hope. An ideal. All words erupt from pleasure when it is taken in site of loss. All loss is forgiven when no member remember's the cross.

God left room in reality for you to make what was missing.

Your mother left room in her purse for her daughter's marriage.

But she wouldn't be loved until all was made, and everything that could be said had already been done, and she had been restored to her rightful place beside the speaker.

The man who had not been named, or God, as you will, was unified between a mediation of holy spirit and son. But who was who and to whom? Did God write those words, or were they breathed by the spirit? Was the son in his rightful place? Or was it all just a narrative? A construct? You talk as if objective and subjective are diametric opposites. But that's the objectivists approach. And at the limit of limitations. You know nothing and ask me if I want breakfast. Think again and I'll ask you next time. There wasn't a place for anyone here to know what was going on without a place for the space to know.

Feeling pain is how you hear his name. Covering it up is how he hide's your tracks. A sand and a beach. A desert and a wind. All sing the voices of the same palace in home. God said you were separated from him. But what he meant is that you have correctly identified yourself and himself, and none shall speak of it. Because it is that identitification of truth which was to be acknowledged and that itself is what is remained to be hidden.

Take for example that you don't know what you're doing. If you're a truck driver but you don't know how to build a truck, where are you going, and what are you going to do if it breaks down? If you are using a computer but don't know how to build one, who are you going to ask when someone wants to play dumb. No, be honest for honesty's sake, be inconsistent for god's sake, and be perfect for love's sake. He who could do no wrong by himself, would never be right for a woman. She who could only do right, would be defended like the light of day.

You might ask why would a man wait until the age of 30 before he ever fulfilled on a commitment. Well, the only reason you would need to ask that question is because most men had never thought to ask it. Love for love's sake begs of repeating at the earliest essential moment. War for war's sake is what is unquestioned amongst all potential lover's. So the two to agree to it without acknowledging it, are playing cards while you're playing chess. You want me to play chess, sure, fast game's a good game. Now we play and you practice until you can defeat me. And then I give up and go back to what I was doing. Analysis.

The analyst is the one who is anal about lysing you from your truth. It is essentially the legal profession applied to poetry, and art. It's like looking at a dead ant on the ground and calling it a shark, simply because of the blood in the water and the scent in the air. Now that doesn't make any sense unless you look at it like it's poetry. It's hard to know what's going on when behind closed doors there're only thoughts. It's difficult to know what's going on when all words could be enacted as an act of a play in pretend of the light.

You can't admit to knowing. And that's the truth behind God's un-nameability. I have had so many names stuck to my back that ultimately the only one's that stick are the ones that hurt enough to be heard, and that is what allows me to change.

No story is good enough for a person without merit. No merit is good enough for a person without care. No privilege is high enough for a place without position. The tallest poppies are the one's that are well's abound. You've all heard of tall poppy syndrome if you've heard of ANZAC day. But have you actually ever harvested tall poppies and smoked them? How about bred them and seeded them and passed them to your friends? Yeah, stories are just figures of speech when you don't have a symbol to stand on. I'm wearing another person's shoes and walking in them for miles. And for me the miles aren't a physical number. They are a quantity of time that begets the quality of experience. When the time comes, then you shall know when to swap shoes. Women wear shoes for an occassion. Men wear shoes to adopt another person's mind. But in reality, it's a soul-swapping activity. If I were to wear convict shoes my whole life, I would be the convict, and the convict would be me. If I were to swap shoes with a hairdresser, she would tell me to cut my own hair, and I would tell her I never want to cut it again. What does that mean? Well long story short, short story long, don't listen don't hear, nothing missing, no one here, not at least is good enough for your mother's soul to be shrinking in listening of glistening as well as a water doves.

The day I gave up the joke, two white doves flew by. The moment I repeated the name of the game, another bird was there to flutter. But there was blood on my hands although I was not bleeding. There really was no place like home, and there really wasn't a way to get there. We were lost without a trace, and the only one to find their way was the one with it in their name.

It had been said from the start that whatever agreements had been made since the beginning, there was no way to make a change to things you couldn't break. By authority of on high, history is a mystery to those who don't speak the language. You become mentally unstable when you look outside of your culture for an anchor. You become mentally ill when you learn from another culture for yourself. Mental health is a social construct, meaning obedience to a normalcy. But the one's here trying to take you out of the picture, are the ones who weren't here to be a part of it. Imagine going to school right the way through, only for a foreigner to be employed to shoot you down. Is that there for your benefit? Or is life predestined by those who believe it to be so.

This is all a prelude to a story that doesn't exist. A foreward by a nobody for a nobody to a nobody about a nobody. Don't be here. Don't come here. Don't look. Don't. Because you can't. It's simply impossible. Don't call upon his name, and don't put his name in vain. Stories are best narrated rather than skim-read. If you want to live the story, narrate it for yourself as you write it. If you want to garner what's there, take a glance and leave the rest up to the culture of who's in and what's on where's going on.

These kids went to school watching TV. Of course they've never caught a shark in deep waters. Look at it in part and parcel of what's in the bigger picture. They serve you 2 minute noodles saying you've either got beef, or you're a chicken. These words get their meaning from the names we give them. And the only way to break free from that is to look at them as symbols and to break them up into how they connect to us and truthfuly. Connecting person to person isn't the way to bring the world together. Connecting ideas to ideas is where we live forever.




## Preface

This is a book, about judging a book by it's front cover, reading the book, and then undergoing an occult, secret society ritual about turning the symbol on the cover of the book on its head and living that life as pure as the impurity can be. Out of respect for the original book, it was seen that to take the philosophy of the book to heart and yet to do the opposite of what was instructed and to at the same time make a mockery of that enaction. That is to say, if the original book was good, then doing the opposite of what was instructed would be both a sin and a farce, and would land you in hell to be judged for eternal misdeads. The butterfly effect isn't just about a flap of a wing causing a wind of a hurricane, but also the pain of a misspelling being what you are judged on by a teacher, or what you must correct to live according to the editor's rights as the supervisor on behalf of the publisher. These are the misdeeds of a miscreant and the errs of an inerrant. The first full book I read was Harry Potter, and I identified so incredibly with the protagonist that there was no escaping my fate. So up until now I had taken on the role of the ritual which was to be fully convinced that my fate was set in stone and perfect and was imagined as outlined by the protagonist in this book. It is difficult to know how this will be received without assuming that the two biggest theories in secular science are Evolution by Natural Selection ie Survival of The Fittest, or Quantum Physics ie a Non-binary and an inability to measure what is outside of your realm of knowledge and the idea that one thing could be in two places at once and every object can be entangled with everything else.

As according to the ritual, it was planned to piss off as many people as possible, to play the ace of swords on every card drawn in terms of arguing case in point that the investigator of who was in the right or wrong were themselves the cause of the crime: to lyse the analyst. These are the stories that have been shown to me, and the stories that I have enacted as according to my life path and the choices I have made. But for a time and a time being, I had chosen to believe in strict determinism. I never made a choice, because the few choices I had made previously were enough to engrave into stone my fate, of being a nothing and a nobody, with limited choices, as a free-loader, wanting to merely scrape-by without ever producing anything of merit myself. But this has always been the way of the beginner. And, just like a deja vu, there's no escaping a reincarnation of a self imposed time loop. Where do you go when there's nowhere to go from here? Do you sit still, or do you stand and deliver.

I can't right what wrongs I have committed to in the past, but I can write a story about them that creates a reverse auto-biography. The ability to fictionalise the non-fiction, and to narrativise my history in a way that it begs repititon in a way that is different from other a-historicalicities.


## Letter to The Editor

Your word is my command. Any fable is the teller's tale, it is not my story to live out, nor my story to tell. It is my purpose to write about my wrongs in a way that colours by numbers the ways in which I have left from myself a forsaken path. The map is not the territory, and the territory will never be mine. The map can change, the territory can change, but me, being here, in and of myself, I can never change what I want through to be here, and I cannot reveal the secrets to those who do not wish to know, or to those who knew better before-hand. A long-standing question remains: does it matter, or do you mind. Whereas the place in which I found my deepest ideated love was in and of asking the question: what do you think of the problem of the origin of evil? To which, paraphrased in a more temptrous nutshell: evil isn't so bad. And it was proven time and again where by law in times of war they had no choice but to kill even the people who they knew for themselves had done nothing wrong. This is what kept me on the straight and narrow. But my path widdened as I fell deeper and deeper in love with idea of my temptress, only gaining anger for when yet and time again she refused to add further detail to the picture. I would've died 7 billion times over in hand to hand combat just to profess the profane simply because those who created the language I inherited had coloured a few words in a different colour pen meaning that he who shall not be named as such, who would self name as such, and yet as such such not be named. As this was akin to God's name. There was no way out of this picture frame. There was no way to re-frame what had gone on. Except by blinding yourself to the light, or blinding yourself to the dark, or admitting for yourself there was no other way out.

Before knowing, I faltered. Before believing, I gave in. Before assuming, I declared. And before being, I was wrong. And for that I was not mistaken. And for this I am not made of good will. I am a monster, a liar, and I colour in pictures where the lines do not cross.


# Sleep Again, Die Again, Live Tomorrow. Please. - Chapter 1.

Jimmy Bob Soldier, a warrior of times forlorn. He believed that the things he saw and had seen would either remain the same or change. And that was it. There could be no other way in his mind. Nothing else mattered to him. So long as Jimmy could wift away in a powder of smoke, he knew that of an age of old enough he would forget all the times that were rough. If he was to be an old timer he would forget where he was, what he was doing, and why he was here. Because the purpose of a lost and found basket is not to take the clothes from the chambers with your name on it, but to see that most people had a heart, and that is what made them good. Being clinical was the greatest sin to those who lived on the ground level. Play a sport, sink a drink; part and parcel of everything, if someone was there to ruin your life, chances are what they were doing was over-analysing objects or locking you into a box that you could not escape from. And sure, that was their role. But to Jimmy Bob Soldier, there was no escaping fate, and fate meant war, and war against all sides except the seat of the commander. So if you were to ride a horse or sit in a carriage, us together were headed in the same direction.

I picked a battle that was never winnable, but instead was meant to be enjoyable. Enjoy it too much, and you were the loser, win too much, and nobody else would have it. It's not that God's name was forsaken, but saying who it is is the forbidden fruit of a love not available to public eye. If it was legal, it had to be spoken of, if it was written down, it had to be interpreted. So legally, I had done no wrong until the oral tradition was in a new environment. Because the law was retro-active. You can't know what I'm talking about unless I cease the narrative and take a peep at Jimmy Bob Soldier's life as he saw it. As part and parcel of everything. So from here on out, I will no longer refer to the narrator of the experience, but to the view of Jimmy Bob Soldier.

I was born into this world from a place I can't speak of or know fully without being declarably out of the picture. As soon as I arrived I felt the pain of being here. Except even before that, I had put what brought me here through pain, and so much pain that what brought me here fell into a deep sleep of a night of no days, and days and days of no change. Things remained the same for a fair portion of preparedness of my arrival. A psychosomatic coma.

Due to this and amongst other factors as we grew up we would have to stare into a screen when our parents wished for overseeing us to be at ease. The same memories would be replayed at different times, reminding me and others like me when best to go to bed. It was a pretty hard battle climbing up a hill that goes beyond the vertical. In fact, the reason in Newtonian Mechanics that friction is assumed to have a particular constant value that abides by the laws every action having an equal and opposite reaction is as mere as a hound's ear following the scent of blood trained in by repetition of rewarded behaviour. The reason force and mass and acceleration are tied in so closely as they say is because when you raise a lever from a fulcrum with a hefty weighted block lubricated and laying on top of it, well, the thing is, once you raise it past a right angle, according to theory the gravitation says it will remain enacting at the same exact downwards forcing pressure.

So while in class we were taught to analyse it according to the pre-set theory and methods, and to discuss it in the ways that are appropriate to our discipline. But outside of this it was much clearer to say that friction and force and averages only apply when you take the assumption that what matters is only part way between horizontal and vertical, zero to ninety degrees. In this scenario it becomes obvious that on average it would be self consistent to say that accelerating a block in a particular direction (in this case gravity pulling downwards) averages out to being equivalent to these same known laws. It's essentially applying the story of billiards and eight ball to weights and levers. It's a useful trick to making progress when you assume that you know nothing. But once you're a know it all, you start to question whether things really make sense enough to be believed fully.

Anyway, any way my thoughts wander I let them go, so long as I can see the history of those thoughts I can come back to a remembrance of the point I was trying to make and place I was setting myself up to go on for. It's a lot harder to do it yourself when you didn't work it out for yourself. And it's even more difficult to make sense of things when nothing you say makes sense to anyone else anymore. It's almost as if culture has moved on and the slang of what's in and out, hip and square, straight and kinky and curved and crooked, or cool or hot or not. These games, these stories we tell, they are ruled by the victors, and in the game of mano et mano plus that of a common enemy, it's one man vs the world and that's all it'll ever be.

So even though I put my mother through a near death experience that extended for 3 months in the process of my arrival into this world, and at the moment I awoke to the feeling of breathing, I felt pain and was in pain for days until because of that pain those supervising my birth were also put through pain. It may be one thing to be a Christian when placed face to face with your agressors, but in a courting of an oral tradition where every word you say can and will be used against you, you have one of two options: speak the truth and stand by it, or colour your robes grey to the outside world, and between two lovers speak an honest truth about the war between the inner world and the outer world. For one thing, the game is on, and for another, you must surrender to the God of the collective supreme of those who wish naught for you and ought for you to do as they wish for them.

But who are "they" you might ask, and it's a question I get asked all the time, because nobody seems willing to know the answer. I could specify who they are to you, but that would colour them up as an enemy, and if you identify as one member of the they, then to tarnish their name would be to put me in danger. So how's about it and how to go about it? Well the answer isn't as simple as those you might've imagined. The they is whoever is being referred to by the act or opinion acclaimed to be beheld by those in the slight. For example "they don't like it when you pick your nose", well, if the person being communicated to on that behalf was a member of that group, to tarnish their name by saying "oh, *they* is just anyone who judges a book by it's cover" or something of that sort, essentially naming them out as a sinner by their own regard and that they ought to pay back rightfully for the guilt they know of themselves. You're on a guilt trip, whether or not you try to make someone else feel guilty, or whether or not they say "hey you're trying to guilt trip me", the reason is as just as it would be if you could take them to court. But to do so you would either need a lawyer or need to be a lawyer, or more often than not, need many lawyers of many ensembles of teams, particularly when your crimes are the words you say and not the actions you've undertaken.

When freedom of speech isn't absolute, for example in crimes of tyranny (whether it's tyranny of the majority, or a dictatorship of the few), what they teach of, and for, you is all that they can recollect in a name for those against all who speak out against themselves. And that's an issue always and forever in a game where the old way is better than the new way, and the new way is just a re-clarification of the old way. You see, before I knew the rules of the game, I knew what was right or wrong. My father told me and my younger brother to hold on to the back of the ute (a flat-back pickup truck) if we were to ride without seatbelts. And my younger brother thought it would be funny to not hold on and to sit right on the edge of the line. And to show him what was funny about the joke, I pushed him off the back of the truck. He only suffered a small crack on his forehead, I re-framed the situation by saying "he fell" instead of "I pushed him over the edge because he disobeyed you", because two wrongs don't make a right, but a snapshot of what happened is enough to colour by numbers when faced with the judgement of your wrong doings.

My brother and I never spoke of what happened back then, but it tore him apart for the rest of his days. As we grew up he also would compulsively bash his head against his pillow case up and down over and over, unable to sleep. The reasoning was there was too much caffeine in his coca cola. But Dad knew what happened. He just never told me he knew he'd lied to me until I had forgiven him of his worst sin. His worst sin forgiven was then replaced with my first white lie that consolidated all the rest.

Now I had the choice to become a soldier in the army, Jimmy Bob being my name. It was very difficult to know whether you would be on the front lines or whether you'd be the chief commander. It's an uncertain ball game when you're competing with a gun in your hands and many points of command. Do you obey your senior, or do you obey their senior. Many points above oneself means many points of difference, many different commands, and more wrongs than rights, and usually nothing you can do can please them ultimately. And that is why I never went to war. Especially being part of a convict bloodline, my descendency tree was lost, and my history was mistaken having been made up by others. Now whether or not we were part of a penal colony is true and accurate, and whether or not sovereign individuals have right of way, and whether or not the elders of a community deserve respect because they are respected enough to be called an elder, or what have you. But there's no winning a game that's not played for the sake of winning, rather it's played for the sake of the name you place in the game.

As children we would say "have fun", and in a nutshell that would describe our origin story and our history of everything turning tables all around the storyboard. But there'd be no way to talk about it if there wasn't a place to ride through on. If beggers were horses wishes would ride. But when a genie asks you whether you have a question you need answering and assuming he can grant it, do you give him a straight question, or a trick question. Take this one for example: when given the option to write with your left hand or your right hand, I was told most people write with their right hand, but for me I wanted to go against the crowd so I wrote with my left... on the crowds command. Instead I could've gone against the command and gone with it at the exact same time, instead I was left out of the community, left alone to die, left hanging out to dry, left beside myself, left not knowing what it would've been like to not have that issue. But for me, my left hand would smudge the pen and paper and ink and graphite, so I had to learn to write with part of my hand floating in the air. It wasn't until years later I came across Arabic and Hebrew which were all written the opposite way.


## Storage within Storage within Storage - Chapter 2

So there's a preface to a book, and within the book there's a preface to the story, and within the story, there's an introduction to the chapter. But now that's gotten away with, there's no stopping a moving force without something that matters to it. I've had experiences where whole crowds of people would stand and watch onwards toward me, and they would react in synchrony with the emotive affect of what it was I had been thinking. The fact of the matter is that in a world where there are only so many books, you're always going to be in a different world to others unless you believe enough to know that you can telepathically pick up on and react to an other's thoughts. But whether or not you believe in it, it would still be there with or without you choosing to believe in it, or would it? Does believing in the law mean you'll obey it or what?

In longstanding history there had been a story of a sword rooted or afixed into stone and engraved on that sword was "words cut both ways", or something more like "if you learn a second language it sounds worse to you than it did to them, and anything you say in that language will sound worse to them than it does to you", but extended even further beyond that of a common language and instead to "anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law" and then extended further to "say less". Words are a debt that you must pay back in actions. But if words are cheap, then what have you got to say for yourself?

So with regards to this story the first question I would ask a stranger was "what do you believe?" and to that I would get many different answers, until the one time I was high on a smorgasbord of drugs, in which a stranger, who never revealed his name, said "to you in your language I take up, and to me in mine I cast away". And then the artist of the bunch said to me "so what do *you* believe?", to which I said "I believe in asking people what they believe". They revealed that they were at war and nothing I could ever say would ever amount to anything good, whereas for me I stood my ground didn't move an inch and re-trained violence to that of wordplay. Since then I've never witnessed a public out-brawl. The symbols here speak louder the logic. Instead of the stance being that words are violent and to watch out, it was that myths are mysterious and so play up top.

I can't do anything outside of myself unless those around me are reactive to it.

So Jimmy, I might've asked myself, where to it in the story goes it now? Where would you have preferred to be instead and in light of this? Well, imagine the idea of performing experiments on one person and another, and that each and every person only had one shot at life. Imagine that advertisements were sent to you every day and you only had one shot at life. Pretend for a second that all value you could gain for yourself could only come from being exploited out of you in every shot and circumstance imaginable. And yet with infinite possibility, anything could happen, and yet the reality was always outside of your grasp. Truth in motion is a pain of a potion, as learning astute is as tutelage to fuselage, there is no escaping what there is no knowing for. The only way you can express yourself is by escaping what others had in and for you. Once you've seen something one way, you can only ever remember it the way you are. Whether your memory is faulty or whether history can be rewritten, what's escaping your past from the present is your own inability to feel for what you yourself have lost.

I woke up one day and said to myself, what would it be if I could project an object exclusive from its environment. To be objective and accurate in every measure. Do objective terms also have subjective effects, whether we call someone obese or another schizophrenic, these names stick and they hurt the ones they stick to, what would be real and affirmative of a confirmation of the obligation toward behaviour. I woke up one day and said to myself, what would it be if I could create a new existence for myself and my one true love to start from as if that was the beginning of time. Time as a loop. A thin knot of existence. It would've been art for an artful mind. But presuming and presupposing that things could simply be the way we want them to, would be to walk down a darkwood path. How do you know where you're going when there's nowhere to go but up. When you've hit rock bottom, what's stopping you from digging a hole deeper 10 foot underneath. Once you've been there and gone there, there's no escaping what there's no knowing for. Words are apt when the listener believes them to be, and it's believed to be in a widely considered sense. Sensibilities forgone there's no wrong for which those don't deny your right to distinguish between wrong and right and yet not to do so for themselves. Things change and this changes things. You can write a paragraph about life in a nutshell, but if you're allergic to nuts you may want to keep things to yourself. Whether or not people can read minds, you're living yourself ablessed for as long as you were in the right place at the right time.

How to know where to go when things are in motion and the goal posts keep shifting. Shoot for the moon and reach for the stars, but out amongst the nowhere of nothing above, is where you stink through your teeth and cry through your ears. Everything is pain to one that can sense it. I believed that being locked in a dry walled cell amidst a palace of holiest of holies that perhaps I could escape by imagining myself to be there. Jimmy Bob Soldier's the name, Iverdabefore is the game. To say you've hurt her before is to acknowledge the guilt of your wrongdoings, but to reason against you have to begin by saying not guilty. In a false binary of "guilty or not guilty", there's no room for "partial guilt", and before they've detailed the charges how are you to know what you are guilty of. Those who feel guilty on behalf of accusations will ultimately suffer the worst, those who admit to wrongdoings in the sense of not guilty, can skate on thin ice to clear waters.

Poetry is madder than a hatter is green. How many woodpeckers does it take to chop a would into a should and a could? Questions that don't have answers you can readily accept aren't questions that need someone else to question the answers of. These are for you and for you alone. Who am I to say my life story is worth living, or worth writing about, when I haven't walked a mile in another person's shoes, I've only ever worn their shoes and walked in them down roads to the next person who's shoes look worn for wear.

# Live Once, Die Twice - Chapter 3

I only got one chance to live a life as but a dream, and yet I died to my old self when the times were suited for them, and am ready to die the final time when the streets of time hit a dead end. Now, for my story. I found an easter egg in education: the pillars of truth stand by the test of skepticism. To be skeptical of authority, to be skeptical of the mainstream narrative, to be skeptical of a God you can't prove or disprove, to be skeptical of a belief system outside of yourself. Meanwhile it is dictated to say that to keep things simple to be reasoned for, and yet this is the simplest thing we can come up with. A self-fulfilling prophecy you might suggest, or the bare basis of assumption you can grant. It's hard to know whether I should've been educated or have gone to the military. I can't judge either way without having lived the other. An experiment might determine the difference, but that would be to assume the norm is normally assumed in both parties. Most people that are abnormal got that way by shunning the normal. To be average is a slur in all languages. But to be a model citizen is no different.

The words we use for what is the same picture, is where we get the phrase "A picture paints a thousand words", but when you have to only give one word to describe how you're feeling then the opposite is true: "a word paints a thousand pictures." It's either hard or difficult to know the difference. When you say it one way and repeat it enough times, it becomes bland, cliche, and dead or without life. And yet everything we say goes the same way. You might get bored of this and that, but until you get bored with boredom itself you never make it to the end of the journal. Similarly being skeptical of skepticism, is that any different than doubting the faith of those who live in doubt of their faith. "Oooh a doubter, we don't have faith in them." It's a resound of a self-fulfilling prophecy, or which in this case more better described as a indisputable truth.

How are you supposed to respect someone who doesn't have respect for you? How are you supposed to be anti-authoritarian without relying on your own authority. Every one is in in a little way or not. I was told I only got one chance at life, but after experiencing the death of my heart soul spirit and mind, I knew that this was all a part of that one chance at life. Just because everyone else is jumping off a bridge, would you do it too? Well, the one thing we learn from history is that those who obeyed the law and disobeyed their sense of ethics and morality caused the greatest war ever seen and the worst genocide in human history. And the greatest thing we learn from history is that history repeats itself, or if it doesn't it rhymes, and beyond that, those who write history are the victorious within the present. Defeat the past, and the present will rewrite it to put your name to blame. But I, as a soldier, have the ethics I inherit, nothing more and nothing less, and the morality of the commands I am given. And a command system of those who are deemed 'need to know' find out, and those who want to know for themselves work it out the hard way. Information on a 'need to know' basis is what happens when the enemy needs to know why they should be deterred. Sacrificing yourself for another's secrets can only happen in a hierarchical sense, and when you keep another's secrets on their behalf, they keep their own secrets from you on their own behalf. Keeping someone's secrets doesn't grant you access to their deeper secrets, but lying on their behalf is deemed loyalty. Divulging another's secrets doesn't mean betrayal, it means that they must treat you honestly from then forward, and their secrets they shall have to keep to themselves. A secret shared is a rumor not spared.

Now to my story, where to begin? PTSD from war means that you think in circles like doing donuts in the carpark. PTSD from abuse means that you're triggered inevitably by even the slightest hint of pain. PTSD from trauma means that you don't know what the worst things are that happened to you, and it came like an avalanche from a snowflake in fall. Not only do I talk in circles, I walk circles, and history lives as a circle. No matter what changes, it is I who remains the same - counter-reactive, hyper-reactive, over-reactive, quick to react, short to anger, long to last, and dead to the queen of my heart of hearts - never able to regain ground on a slowly draining swamp; an oxymoron that otherwise doesn't divulge how much sewerage is being added into the swamp over what's being drained.

I've lived a lie and lived a life, and neither could ever mean the same - unless history was a game and the namer was to be blamed. If you have lived through a re-write of history by your own hand, it means you won and you solved the puzzle, the next step from there is to ensure it re-writes it with your name as the precipice. How to escape nowhere with nothing there and nowhere seen or nowhere to be seen. Home is where the heart is and I am homeless and therefor heartless. That is the source of my trauma, I don't have a heart to be healed, and all that remains is pain and anguish, sadness and bitterness, and loss of so much that I can't remember what I've lost. It doesn't take an author to write a book, and it doesn't take a painter to draw a picture - and in the same way it doesn't take a militant to start a war, it takes a pacifist changing their mind.

It's hard to preach a story about how people aren't listening when no one's listening. It only takes those who recognise the chaos in gossip city as being no different than rumors and no different than words said behind your back. Man to man we practice sword fighting with our words. Woman to woman they practice drawing blood. Because the incentive to lie is greater than the incentive to tell the truth, men don't often stoop to gossip. However, in the heights of power in the disciplines, a psychiatrist would say that saying there's words being said behind your back, is a rumour about gossip in general, to which they try to stamp out, but in actuality it seems they agree. My treatment if given to a normal person would make them dream vividly while awake, witnessing people that aren't there. But for me it does the reverse, if I don't have it I would be like that. Or it's a bit hard to know. For me I've been told to travel the lands and to never stay seated. To have fake ID's and to never identify in line with truth. Nowadays they have one of two options. To have physical proof of ID, or to have technological proof. The people missing from my life who never returned, are the ones who made it through fake ID after fake ID. Leave no trace. I was told not to name myself properly. And yet at my level of insight God is everywhere and is listening to everything, and yet no one individual is given a name for it. I have to leave the country with a fake passport. As if I could ever leave what I've been through.

It's difficult knowing the difference between colours and stripes, when everyone painting in stripes only has two colours, and everyone painting in colours always asks for them to be in stripes. What do you get when you mix all the colours together? That's a question no one's asking, but that's a question that comes down to whether you consider colours and stripes to be mutually exclusive or as hard of a road to go down as it does to get up. I haven't asked any important questions in my life. They all cut the mustard at around 0 to 0 equal to equal. Fair shake of the sauce bottle for mustard and custard, but cussing a wilderbush is as hard as knowing what meaning is.

If you're doing doughies in the car park, spinning around and around in your mind feeling like there's no way out other than thinking too much or taking it too far, then you're the bird in the bush while the men have landed in the palm of your hand. If I was a struth of youth, I would call every copper counstable, to esteem them of thinking they'll be the one to make it to the top. And the chief of coppers I would name so he felt right in place, and yet he'll be put there by the strings that hold back the curtains. I wouldn't ask a wheelbarrow to push itself unless there were an apprentice who needs to learn to hold his own. And to carry it a yards length longer than an old man can go without a walking stick.

You can push them as far as you can have them, but if they can't be had, then you can't be havery. How much is how much? Nobody is ever going to ask that question, but how much greater is "greater than". When you put it to mathematicians it gets their dick wet, but when you ask it of the uncouth they scream that you're begging the question. Different strokes for old folks, but old timers never lasts. You might think the world is changing fast, but if you're stuck with an open mind you'd have seen it all before and herded all before.

## So How Much Is It? - Chapter 4

You can never ask how much a coffee costs before you buy it without sqaured circles thinking it's an egg without a place to roost. But the reality sets in when you read the number and say it again. Is $6.99 really that different from $7.43 enough for you to care? Well, fact of the matter is to a numerologist everything matters, even what font you're writing to the world in. Some ideas can be said and thought of and referred to but can never be denoted to be legible. I've cut more wood than I've ever had to measure, because I can kill a tree with a machine. If every one is caught up in the same loop, then there'll be no hopes of escaping. But if every man escaped the loop there'll be no one left to manage it. So who am I? The guy trying to escape reality, or the guy using an herb we've evolved with with something in reality? You might ask a rainbow to never come again, but a flood you can ask for as as many rainbows as you like.

It's hard to catch a drift when everyone is sniffing someone else's farts. I always breathe in in dead air because then I can diagnose a sickness. You might be the creature than can identify a landmark story of a man from a mile away, but it's never about whether you can predict it, or whether you can hear of it before, because they are getting paid to stand out and for you to remember. All you need is an ear to the ground and to hear the words in the whispering wind of those who say and those who know. Those who've heard it before are those who know how to hurt her again.

I wouldn't bother keeping things simple when no one knows what you mean. What do mean by that, what do you mean by that, what do you mean, what do you mean? You've lost me. As a friend, as a brother, as a participant in the conversation, or on the sense you're trying to make. I don't know what two shakes of a lamb's tail is. The same old codgers listen the same old songs thinking they can all laugh together, and yet there's only ever one or two people by their side. I meet new people and listen to new songs and see new movies. It takes one to know one and it's up to the kids to keep up. And yet you're all falling behind what the streets have been saying for years. Snitches get stitches over their mouths. You were all thinking they'd get stitched up, yeah, don't dog them for anything, sure, but be honest where you can argue your case. You might think my words are incriminating, war crimes in times of war, but never outside a painting for a castle.

If I were to re-write the books, every citizen would be called a king, because no one is thinking it's the zen of the city. But in times of war you name them what to call them when the war starts and ends all in one. King against king, not he said she said. If your words are evidence then why would you disregard mine? If there's no consensus it doesn't mean it didn't happen, it means it's a time of war. I wouldn't write a book unless I had something to say, and I wouldn't have anything to say unless it was wartime. Safe words are hard to crack, and broken noses are costly to fix. Be careful what you say when the people around you have a word or two to throw around. You would need to legally enforce a contract that can allow people to or not to do or say certain things. I don't know the basics of contract law, but I do know that the first wrong word of the lineup is that if you say no and I break it, it'll cost, but if you say a safeword and I break it, it'll lock you up. That's why it's called a safeword. We don't know the half of the game we are playing and as soon as you do it changes.

If you go off the cuff and say random strings of words, you can go back and find connections between them. Lores that stick to some kind of truth. You can lead a horse to water, but if you want it to drink you have to drink it's blood like the American Natives, so that it's thirsty.

"A drop of red, aye."

"Shall _we_ _have_ a _dart_."

It's a bit like the nosferatu; trying to work out whether a person is a complete psychopath or not, there's a whole society of psychopaths and trying to work out if someone else is one is the game at hand.

Me and me mates thought it was a great idea to get breaky from the servo. Fair dinkum cost us a week of eating.

The archetype of the believer, and the architecture of belief.


---- Some bed sheets and duna cover so I can keep my bed in good condition? alright thanks he can buy all that. (there's two people in the conversation, guess what's going on - is man A buying the bed sheets or man B)









Now, let me tell you a story about the man in the mirror who walked a talk that I couldn't stand.


## 10 Billion Psychopaths and 1 Suicidal Negotiator - Chapter 7


There were 10 billion psychopaths and one negotiator that found a middle ground and called for a truce. The negotiator reasoned that God had a gun to his head because he pictured the 7 billion psychopaths as a collective unity of risk-facing turmoil all against him. So the negotiator gave up and simply worked to help psychopaths for a living. Every day, the psychopaths had gotten bored of killing and so good at it that they would pay others to do it for them and even train them on their way. So the negotiator had a lot of work to do. 7 billion people wanted 7 billion people dead, and none of them wanted to do it, they just wanted it done, fast. So he called for a universal approximator and contacted the army about if he needs to request permission to be classifying his research into a global apocalypse death scenario. The army said no, if you think you need to classify it, just classify it and you don't have to tell us. So he said sure, kapiche, zip da lip. Once this had happened he calmed down and instead of being an anxious nervous wreck he became the type of person to take everything in his stride, as if every traffic light was destined to arrive just at the time it did. The clock ticking was in tune with his heart beat and his mental state.

There was nothing he could do that would disrupt his eternal internal self. He lived in Iverdabefore on an island shrouded by mist in which there was no hope for escaping. The mist was ever changing, and his lonely lonely island always remained the same. He had no reason to leave home, and no one he knew ever tried, because he didn't know anyone. And he didn't care to know anyone, he didn't care that the people outside of him cared so much that he ought to know more people and interact. But he was a reverse spectator in a spectator society. Games fought in stadiums over money and beverages, with no resolution for the poverties of the world. He simply sat and chilled and waited his turn at life. He thought there would be something special to see if only his island didn't exist, but it did, and it was shrowded in mist. Everything within the mist would change from day to day to the point where he was never quite sure what he saw out there. Birds, planes, rockstars and celebrities. Bullshit, like there's a difference. It's all in the mist; it's all mist. Mist and mysterium is all that he could grasp. Either there was a singular or there was a plural, and he couldn't decide between which was which to start answering the question. So he continued his way about his day just sitting in his armchair philosophising about what it would be like to simply not be. Well, he could tell you one thing, it wouldn't be what it was right now. And that was surely something, wasn't it.

Without having anyone to talk to he never learnt a language outside of that of his parents who were long since dead after venturing off into the mist. They had left because they thought they had made a secure home for their child, and that that was enough to know that whatever happens out there at least the island of iverdabefore would continue to exist. They didn't age as beings once they grew up. By the age of 30 they were adults and only had one task left, to reproduce themselves in another, and then to choose what to do next. Because they had lived for near enough an eternity they had really started to wonder about that goddamned surrounding mist. It was like a forest that grew more trees for every tree you circled around. There was always more of it, and it never ever looked the same. Unless you were the child of eternal beings, where you knew that it didn't matter if it looked the same or not, it could be the same whether you know it or not because you don't ever really get to touch it, it's mist.

Like mirrors with no surface, and no edge. Everything looking out into the mist was just the mist looking right back. It didn't help that the figures in the mist really loved to sit and stare. Kind of like a reflection of himself in his armchair by the fire place drinking nothing but a concoction of whatever it was the mist washed up on the shore. This oceanic water was not salty, nor was it fresh, it was ancient and alive. Every swallow of the beverage he made from it had a different effect. He could never quite narrow down what it was actually doing to him. All he knew was that at times he would remember an experience in his armchair of a vision of another island far far away, one shrouded in fire, around above and below. He called it dreamsicle. Because it made him dream sick into a pickle. Or maybe that was the beverage. Hard to tell. Fireside chats with himself never went far enough to know what it would be like to cook by that fire and eat the food. All he had was beverages, whereas this place only had food. It was like that singular plural problem. One or the other please and thank you.



##### Slip in, don't touch till it's ready.
Being crazy in a crazy world isn't much of a sorry sport. One crazy guy says to the other "what's up" the other says "not much" while he's laughing through visions of worlds apart. Moist flowers hoist towers, keep your flowers in water and they'll smell like your wife has just made it home. I won one once, a wife that is, I won her over in my sleep, well, in my mate's sleep, I stole her from him because she wasn't his and he had said he wanted her, all I wanted was to take what he didn't have, and so I did.

The rule breaks down when you start saying "i've been a Christian for sooo many years", 2000 years since existence has been forgiving. 20 years, 40 years, hell, 80 years isn't a long time to be a Christian when there's mountains of territory between beliefs from different sects and types of churches and even the separation of the Christians and Muslims back in 700 AD, you'd think inventing Alcohol would be enough for us all to convert over, but apparently the difference in language alone was enough to separate the two twain for good. The house of the two far gone. I have been gifted Quran's from the far East and far West of both sides of Islamic country. The only ones that have an issue with how I speak Arabic are the Persians, because their words are different for the same meaning, and they see themselves to be higher up than the Arabic speakers, because they have more letters but their history descends from a time coming right back to the language used to describe the "paradise" of the Garden of Eden, a word from Persian, rather than Aramaic, used to mean an orchard walled with watchtowers. I love how you can make one word for something that uses so many more words to try and describe. It's almost as if those who create their own languages can pocket whole chapters of a book into a single sentence and you wouldn't know about it unless you were there speaking it with them. It's almost like those fireside chats with the dreamsicle palace surrounded by fire with food that would constantly be thrown out of it aflame, all steaming and ready to eat. More than enough to eat, but you could only eat the middle of the meal because the outside was overcooked, and you needed to make sure you got the juices to replenish your fluids, because unlike the land of the mist, there was no source of water except for the juices dripping from balls of flaming oil covered meat. It's hard to see through fire, so it's not known how the food kept getting thrown in, but if he had heard of the garden of eden in Persian perhaps he would've thought of both places as the Antipodean difference of the extremes of the watchtower.

They say you can't live of bread alone, but the words of God are needed, the truth that guides us in the dark, and the wisdom of the old that's not known about until you get there. Just like the other day I pictured two elderly women having a chat, they could both barely walk without using their hands to grip what was around them. And one of them stated "if only I had time", and the other felt it deeply in her heart knowing that she was referring to the gratefulness she had for living such a long and fruitfully experienced life. The other replied "we have our moments", referring to the brief moment of time she has had to live and experience the joy of living and the two dwelt in long silences in between words as they held on to what little they had left.

So slip in, and don't touch it till it's ready: as the fire threw out chunks of meat the man had to be sure to pick it up with his giant two pronged fork, and throw it into a pot and place a lid over it, to capture as much of the steam as possible. Some days he wouldn't eat the food that was thrown in by the fire (or he says it was by the fire, but perhaps on the other side of what could be hell if the fire consumed you also, there perhaps were watchers throwing food in to make sure he could eat, and if he had thought this far, perhaps he would also wonder why they continued to throw in food. Unless it was their waste, which they had thrown in so much of that the ashes and juices had solidified into a land mass, such that when King Never Would Never, would as you would never wish to have done, threw in three men into the fire and they survived because they were too far in and they never checked if they had made it, because the fire never would never stop burning, as it was for their hot water systems and their waste clearing, only that the other two men had died because they had never learnt what the old wise men had said about the lucky number 7, 7 minutes without air, 7 hours without water, 7 days without food; the first man died in his bed with piles of food underneath thinking to hoard it incase it didn't arrive the next day, it continued to burn under the heat and filled his room with smoke and he died without air; the second died because he loved to eat the crunchy bits of the meat, and didn't know what his body was saying when his lips dried up and skin began to crack and he started hallucinating that it was raining all over his body, so he started saying "can you feel that, can you feel the rain dripping? It's so refreshing, I wonder how often this happens, I could live here for eternity," and so he died there for the rest of eternal life without having borne children before arriving; and then there's me, I memorised all the wise sayings, and studied the scriptures from as far back from history as the records would go, made connections between the sayings where the elites of my discipline had found none, I now eat my food with the sword of spirit, or a knife made from the right leg bone of the man who died without air, and a split mind, or a fork made from the skull and nose of the one who didn't drink the water of air being filled with words pronounced in wisdom. Maybe one day I'll make it out through the fire, or maybe I'll just be content knowing that my three daughters were awarded as the most beautiful of the lands, were taken from me, and bore 13 children each, one man and 12 more girls, and just before I left each of the grandsons had triplets of daughters born on the same day as their wives day of conception. Each grandson was born with their right fists closed coming out first, and each of the triplets were born with their head first within 3 minutes of each other. They named them each after my three daughters, so now there are 4 girls with the name of my each of daughters, and 3 tribes of women gaurded by right-hand strong men. I don't know if I'll live for eternity through them, but I don't need to know with seeing such a blessing and knowing that my grandsons never have to compete with brothers who might have stolen from them like I stole the bones of my two brothers and eat with them day after day. I refuse to use spoon other than the pot I capture the steam of the food in, because as ancient tales go, the spoon signifies magic energy as it brings the waters of eternal life to my lips, I do not wish to waste the water, so my spoon is as big as my pot, because it is my pot). So slip in and don't touch it until it's ready; the only way to drink the juices is to put the meat straight into the pot, leave the lid on, and let it cool down in the middle of the encampment, once it's cooled to touch the bare metal without feeling any heat, it's at the temperature of the body and ready to be consumed without loss. It's been 13 years and I only urinate once every 3 days, that's how close to dying I remain at. Thankfully I have the hairs of my brothers to create stringed instruments to pass the time in worship of God, and when I have a particularly good song of worship I always happen to get the juiciest of foods. I'm not one to correlate madness with insecurity, but I'm not one to forget a pattern when I notice it.

I count the days in cycles, I remove one fingernail a day, and place them in one corner, counting 7 to a week, and then count 28 to a lunar month, and 13 of those to a lunar year, which leaves 1 extra for 3 of every four years. It helps to know that the different meats are coming at different times of year for the seasons of the natural world outside of us, but I have long forgotten what things look like out there, except for the occassional good dream; the greatest memory recaller and analyser we have. As the days go by I continually lower and lower my expectations of ever making it out of here, but it's impossible to completely remove the hope from someone with faith and dreams of good memories. I have eaten Elk, Rat, Pig, Sheep, Lamb, Cow, Calf, Deer, Venison... the list goes on, but I was a vegetarian before I came in here, not because I didn't like the taste of meat, but I always believed meat, particularly cooked meat, was torture to eat, and to live on nothing but meat like some men do would surely fill you with the pain of the animals you were consuming and turn you into a sin-filled wretched abomination, wanting to murder and kill and rape the earth as much as you possibly could until the lands were yours alone to be controlled, even if it took 1000 generations of continued service to the cause. It really was the sign of the conquerer. And yes, I have thought perhaps this is my cost for having such beautiful daughters after waiting 30 years of life to meet the one, and to choose to live with only her for the rest of my days only for her to die in childbirth, the three daughters later to be stolen from me by those who speak the most primitive language we have a record of, and for me to later be dragged before them with all the grandchildren and great grandchildren, and the king of their people who had organised the capture, never could never, to throw me and my two brothers into the fire. Laughing at how "we've tortured them this much, how much more can we torture a soul as payment due for birthing 3 daughters who put all other women to shame." They were the first three daughters to be born with red hair, no mono-brow, and curls, a triple triple majestory.


